Look at these girls
on saturday night
they 're in the club shaking their ass
then on sunday morning
they're in church for holly communion
i dont like the kind of life my husband is living
He mad at me because i'm telling him about God.
Home girl
I got news for you.
I don't wanna hear none of your none sense. I give you 3 second to get out of my house. I just came from Magarette's house, i found her crying, when i ask her what was wrong, she said Romeo left her
Bad mouthing people, gossipping etc..
I wouldn't like you to go to hell
you know if you don't accept Jesus as your lord and savior you will perish
woman you're talking crazy
i see u trying to force people into joining your religion, which is for crazy people. You won't get me
Does that make any sense Gerald ,
you have a woman living with you
then, you have to eat out everyday. I'm sorry
I didn't think things would have to get that far
sincerely, you're one of my best employees over here.
Girl, the devil never wants people on the outside
It is the christians in chruch he attacks.
Raphael, Raphael , wow ooo .
This is how yall come to preach people ?
y'all not even correct then y'all wanna tell people about Jesus. how are you doing baby ?
take this baby word out of your mouth
If you're not under the savior's wings, you dont have any protection
ah, im the one who's doing it
I ain't with the marriage or staying with a girl, only there to give my service